Copyright (c) 2022 - Schelte Bron

PREAMBLE

This license establishes the terms under which a given software Package may
be copied, modified, distributed, and/or redistributed. The intent is that
the Copyright Holder maintains control over the development and distribution
of the Package, while allowing the users of the Package to use the Package
in a variety of ways. 

You are always permitted to make arrangements wholly outside of this license
directly with the Copyright Holder of a given Package. If the terms of this
license do not permit the full use that you propose to make of the Package,
you should contact the Copyright Holder and seek a different licensing
arrangement.

DEFINITIONS

"Copyright Holder" means the individual(s) or organization(s) named in the
copyright notice for the entire Package.

"You" and "your" means any person who would like to copy, distribute, or
modify the Package.

"Package" means the collection of files distributed by the Copyright Holder,
and derivatives of that collection and/or of those files. A given Package
may consist of either the Standard Version, or a Modified Version.

"Distribute" means providing a copy of the Package or making it accessible
to anyone else, or in the case of a company or organization, to others
outside of your company or organization.

"Standard Version" refers to the Package if it has not been modified, or has
been modified only in ways explicitly requested by the Copyright Holder.

"Modified Version" means the Package, if it has been changed, and such
changes were not explicitly requested by the Copyright Holder.

TERMS

1. You may use this Package for non-commercial purposes without charge.

2. You may make verbatim copies of this Package for personal use, provided
that you duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated
disclaimers.  You may not distribute copies of this Package, or copies of
packages derived from this Package, to others without specific prior written
permission from the Copyright Holder (although you are encouraged to direct
them to sources from which they may obtain it for themselves).

3. You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes, and other modifications.  A
Package modified in such a way shall still be covered by the terms of this
license. 

4. THIS PACKAGE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT WILL
THE AUTHORS BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE.
